Wild Sorceror Wild Surge:
Replace Wild Magic Surge with Building Surge: Wild magic energy builds inside you and then is released when you use magic. When you cast a spell of level 1 or higher, add the spell's level to your Building Surge total. Then roll a d20, adding your Building Surge total to the roll. On a result of 20 or higher, roll on the Wild Magic table to create a random magical effect, and then reset your Building Surge total to 0.
Modify Tides of Chaos: Starting at 1st level, you can manipulate the forces of chance and chaos to gain advantage on one attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. Once you do so, you must finish a long rest before you can use this feature again.
When you use this feature, add 10 points to your Building Surge total. After you trigger a Building Surge, you regain the use of this feature.

//New Feat for Light Armour
Light Armor Master:
Your Dexterity score increases by 1, to a maximum of 20.
While wearing light armor, when an attack against you fails or you succeed on a dexterity saving throw against an enemy ability, you may use your reaction to move 5 feet in any direction without provoking opportunity attacks.
Makes you better at running and harder to lock down, lets you duck away from arrows too. No help at all though for standing your ground. Also lets you flank an opponent and back off when they turn on you, leaving them unable to continue attacking without risking opportunity attacks from your ally. 

Smokepowder:
Use smokepowder instead of gunpowder. Come up with ingredients for how to make it. Allow guns to use Fire Crystals too instead of smokepowder, maybe magic guns will use them.
Ingredient idea: The ashes of a fire elemental mixed with carbon?

Maybe make an ingredients list for magic weapons on how to make them? A returning weapon (bow) could use the hair of a Blink Dog (don't need to kill it, just cut some of its fur).
Returning weapon (firearm) might use a Blink Dog's saliva instead, mixed with the smokepowder?

Allow the Dwarven Drakefire gun to be modified to fire other alchemical compounds too? Like healing potions. Health grenade launcher like Caira from Evolve.

Bad News from Matt Mercer's Gunslinger. It's a Sniper Rifle, but balance it by giving disadvantage and max range is short-range if one moves on a turn it shoots.
All guns having Loading instead of Reload and 1 higher dmg dice is probably not overpowered, even with Returning infusion, given the Misfire chance. The Sniper would be
balanced around the idea that it can't be reliably fired on the move. Misfire should only happen on a Nat 1.

Shrödinger's Quiver: As long as no one checks how much ammo there is left in the quiver, you can always pull an arrow out of it when firing your bow.
(For meme's sake one can name it S. H. Rödinger's Quiver where S and H are initials for his name and middle name)

Look into Pathfinder 2e for interesting spells (check their SRD). Pet Cache is a fun one one can give an NPC to summon a dire wolf pet or similar.

For the Book of Nine Swords "Ki" point system, look into how Monks handle it in Foundry and try to adapt that to the Book of Nine Sword feats.

Dragoon (old cavalery), make into something related to mounts that the users mounted combat ability? Maybe magic item or Feat, or add to Book of Nine Swords?
Can do a mounted combatant discipline for it.

Buff Krakens. Give Legendary Resistance and maybe Immutable Form. Maybe passive discharge in water that deals minor lightning damage on the start of a creature's turn
when close to the kraken.

Maybe look at items in Pokemon and steal ideas. Berries can be items that grow that have effects when eaten such as restore 1 Ki/Sorcery point, etc. Held items like
Focus Sash, Life Orb etc.

Marut. Make them general law keepers that oversee the justice in everything, not just contracts from Sigil. The contract still has to be signed in a specific way to
invoke the vigilance of a Marut, and they still mainly reside in Sigil. Maybe the contract has to be marked with a special mark or insignia to invoke the law keeping
of a Marut. Can be a fun way to make sure things like tournaments etc flow properly. Can also be used when a deity resurrects someone at a cost, or a warlock patron
demanding something. Even paladin's Oath's might be under vigilance by a Marut.
